Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ssl/reference/certificate-and-hostname-priority.mdx

sidebar:
  order: 4
head: []

> description: Understand how Cloudflare prioritizes certificates and hostnames, including deployment, presentation, and example scenarios for SSL/TLS settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about how Cloudflare decides which certificate and associated SSL/TLS settings to apply to individual hostnames.
```
